{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 So I've successfully achieved the application that I spoke of last time. Now, I'm also focused on the functions of presentation mode and then I'm going to work on presentation mode itself. So right now I have to build out what the app is capable of, and then I want to see what I can do to make presentation mode. Cool. Right now. Um... Right now. And I guess for the next couple builds, it's gonna be looking pretty, unique and complicated, but Once I'm done with these 2 phases, I'm going to really do more basic UI, UX experience. Well, I guess UX is user experience, but... For now, I have a pretty cool looking app, um, you know. It's very aesthetically charged. It's like, it has a, look, that's really caring right now. And I don't want it to carry. I just want it to be... the look I've always wanted from my sites that I use, 'cause I hate white backgrounds. Like, I just can't stand it, like, and I'm sure there has to be others who feel the same way. And if not, I'll have a switch for dark mode, light mode. But for now, I need to work on exacerbating, expanding on the functionalities, in a way that makes it easy to flow through the app while telling someone about yourself. So right now, I see it this way. I'm in a Starbucks. I see someone, but they see me, you know, a conversation sparks, hey, I like your watch. It's nice. Um, I know only finance guys wear watches like that. You work in finance, by chance. Or am I way off? Yeah. Um, I mean, um, the discretionary trader. I don't work in finance, but I've been trying to get hired by a finance company as an IT professional. Oh, so you do IT? Yeah. Yeah, I'm basically an IT journalist at this point, I'm looking for anything from Elk Desk Rose to da da da. It's like, sure, you have a resume? You have a resume. I could also kind of show you in, like, one minute, my... like, my CV, my resume, if you care to see it. It, like, an interactive situation on my phone. I'm kind of curious how it flows when I show it to someone, if you don't mind. Yeah, sure. Okay. Well, like I told you, I work in IT. Um, you know, financially literate, even though I have no real credentials and finance, but here's my performance. You know, there's my spreadsheets, here's my P&O, here's my risk management, here, the charts, here's my profit over time. Pretty cool, right? I know it really. only means so much, and, you know, that could turn into the opposite. But here are the skills. adoptions that were made from it, you know? I gained a lot of discretionary probability and math skills. And psychological fine tuning of myself, which gave me the ability to get through all of these courses. And also I've achieved some great things in life for your music and. Yes, I'm an audio engineer as well. Software engineer by trade at this point. I'm an audio engineer throughout my 20s. That was doing bread and butter, that's how I made my money. Now I've studied to integrate other engineering skills. Here's what I built. Here are the things that I've done. And I can kind of just get someone from, you know, looking at a couple statistics, to those statistics being visualized and a graph, or a chart setting, few charts, you know? And when it's time to talk about the next skill that I have, because, you know, most people have a multi pronged professionals or professional who has other things that feed into the main thing. Um, yeah, so, like, these are the projects I've led, or, you know, and administered myself, executive, produce myself, and these are the outcomes. I've made this much money over the past few years from music. It's not a lot, but it's a lot. I'm in the top 5% of, you know, people who produce. It isn't, you know, it's not, it's not lost on me. that these, that these numbers are kind of ambiguous, but when you put me up against the economy of producers, I exist, you know? Um, so it is, and then with that, I have other skills that I've, you know, moved towards, I've gained and learned and done things in life. I want to be able to say, oh, I trade, and this is what I gain from trading, or I'm an IT. These are the skills I've gotten from IT and this is how they translate it. And you see how. You see how, but you see how a bit of a need for... A guided, a guidance, like, as if I stayed at home, I set up a framework for I would talk about myself. If I set up a framework for how I would talk about myself. It would be easier for me to articulate... my skills to someone. What if my app had the ability to give me a visual framework that I could see, you know, ahead of time. I know how it's gonna flow. I know, like, as I press the buttons, where it's gonna go, where it's gonna go, where it's gonna go. And I can give an in person presentation from my phone or my laptop or, you know, or just sending people a video of me running through everything. You know, if I don't have the ability to discuss these things naturally, and I can, you know, have a rehearsed, um, video. And since the video kind of is, like, going to be just mostly auto generated, and I don't have to create a PowerPoint. I will be able to edit and reread, start from the beginning, redo it, start from, you know, do these things, and then I can keep just focusing on my, um, audible delivery. And shit, once I'm doing that correctly. You know, I have something. I have something nobody else is providing. So right now, I am working to just kind of get that, get that... get that intuition into the... app. Kind of get it more so just from extracting data and compiling it into, like, insights to now. I want to be able to go from point A to point B to point C to point D to ultimately bring you, uh, you know, a big one sentence summary of everything that we just said. Yeah. That should be, you know, a 4 minute video. At the most, three, 4 minute video at the most. No. Let's say a 2 or 3 minute video. People don't have time. So, um, I'd like to, ah, I want to say a 2 minute video. It should be two minutes. Flashing right through these things, 2 minutes. Um... So... That's the idea, and right now, I have a beautiful app, you know, it compiles my skills. It takes all of the data that I feed it, and it says, this is what we can extract based on your performance and all of these documents, files, and things of this nature, about you, and it would make you presentable in this way. The nodes work, even though they're a bit off position, I'm still fine tuning that part. Yeah. We have something that I didn't, man, that I think it was possible. That's not even a question. I didn't even know that this was a thing that was needed until, you know, I didn't, I knew what was needed. Like, I, I, intuitively always ran into the bottleneck of how do I present myself? How do I present myself? How do I present myself in a way that people will care? Notice, be attracted to, like how, like when I send for hiring managers like you reaching out to people personally? Like, why would they hire me? I don't have a. Like, I mean, I'm just sending them my resume. It's nothing like standing out about me besides the fact that I emailed them, but I can't be the lonely person who chose to do that. You know, so I'm just, you know, getting to a point where, and I'm also, I wanted to be, like, obvious that I didn't want shot my app, like, since so many people are building apps, like, no, I built this app, it took me weeks. Like, I want that to be, like, obvious. Because people would think that they could. Do that? But, you know, and I guess a part of my personal presentation could be the fact that, you know what? I don't want to focus on this. I don't want this to even be a part of anything because this is not what other people are gonna have the experience of. But, I'm gonna say it just, just to have it said, it would be nice. Once I am using this, that people know that this is my app. That, that in it of itself will be a boost. You're not using someone's else's service that was, you know, like, oh, this is great for me. That didn't take you any work, even though, When you use this platform, it'll be fresh. It'll be new, it'll be something people haven't seen. It'll be an experience for the person watching and they give them pause, like, wow, what was that? That was pretty cool. Um. Yeah. I just have to shake off this last bit of imposter syndrome because every time I take a step, This step was giving me imposter central. I didn't think I would be able to do it. The one I just did. I have to shake off the imposter syndrome because it's like... I'm imagining, like, how the fuck I'm gonna do that? But I know, if it is available to do, I will be capable of it. I just have to, you know, chip away at it. And that's the best, that's the best type of challenges. Life has like, that's when you know the challenges for you, and that's how you know it's the right size challenge. When you don't feel like, when you have no obvious, like, knowledge of you or be capable of this, but you know, if it is possible, this is how it has to be done, like you know the way it will work out. You know how you should operate if it's going to work. You know what you should be looking at doing, investigating, researching, if it will work. You know how much time it should take you if it will work. But you don't know if it will work. You don't know how you're gonna make it work. You're riding a sweet spot. Not too hard. Not easy. Right at that challenge. And this is exactly how every step of this is gone. From the layout, getting the stars, from getting the sections from getting a platform in general that had me in it. Dude, this started as I wanted a place to put all of my files. in a way where I could access them. And they're not just sitting in folders on my computer where they're hard to see. Like, I want to be, like, if I'm looking at the audio suite, I want to see all of my projects, I want to see what I've done. I want them to kind of be spread out and I want it to be a clique. Like, I don't want to have to go to my documents, to my FL folder, to my, um, beats from pick the year. Then pick which type of beats I'm talking about. And then just scroll, you know, for days in my Finder. And then if I want to look at the next thing. I gotta remember where I put that stuff, but usually that's easy, but It's still like lame. Like if I wanted to show somebody all I've done. I have to go in my Google Drive and go and find the name of the files and go through all these parent folders, pull it up, like, that's stupid. like that's not presentable. I could go and make a presentation out of my stuff, but... My interpretation of my skills should be a part of this process, which is why it should be editable, but I should be able to dump all of my material and bring it all together and leave nothing out, no crimes, and they can investigate, you know, These things about me. So, That one from that too. Well, that went from getting a place to put all my files to, finding a way to present all of my files to, making a presentable app to where people would want to show you. Like, this, this was personal at first. This was, my Instagram grid or my, LinkedIn portfolio, like all of my local system. Then it was like, it's getting to a point where this would be worth showing to other people. And then it became, this will be a platform for you to express who you are. In an environment where it's hard for your resumes to get through. And then, it became, All right, at this point, we're just gonna have you give you the ability to do a presentation mode and screen record for 2 minutes of you going through the, you know, expansion and details of who you are, what you're capable of, and all of the webs and connections that it creates. So. Yeah. I think I have a great thing here. Um, I think my node system. Could be really the bread and butter if I just got a bit of a better logic about what it is that it does. Like, what if you enter the forge and you never come out of the forge? You know what I'm saying? Like, what if the whole presentation was inside the forge? What if at the top layer, you saw 5 skills? Not 5 domains, you saw 5 skills. Transferable skills. Jobs look for transferable skills. So, transferable skills. The domains that they applied to would be in the 1st set of details. click the 1st note. Then, When you click the 1st note, The other nodes, you see, you click on those. Go through them. Then, You go through all of them, there's another layer. Charts. Visuals, things that you've done. Or from each detail section. There's a visual representation of each detail that you go into as you go through those details. And then you go one more layer deeper. And you get a like a summary. That's it. That's all you need, bro. You know, a summary, a bunch of badges for what you've done. Um, like any notable things. Um, that's it, end of story. That's that, and then that's the forge. Which where all the constellation nodes exist. And If you want to back out of that and look at everything else. You know, you can. But you design what you have as a presentation mode. I think the forge is really like a lot of potential because my whole app could have been, the full screen could have been the forge. Like as far as what's present, matter of fact, what if my home screen is the Forge? That's pretty nice, right? That'd be pretty cool. And then, and then, on the back end, we have an app that looks how the app I've created, because I thought the app that I just created the dashboard was going to be the bread and butter of the app, like, which it is, but it's like, that's not what others are going to see immediately. If anybody ever asked, like, how did you do that? And you click the dashboard. Like, what the fuck? I'm thinking it's gonna be like notebook LM, a left section, files, you click them, you open them, they open in black and white texts. It's just plain, plain, plane. What the fuck is this? You know, everything's there playing English is not like a lot of noise and stuff. It's a static page. You don't need to scroll. Everything is there right on the front face. If you click anything, it'll expand on it. Boom. Quick again. We're not we're not doing too much. But we doing it. We doing so much that it almost looks too complicated. And but there's nothing there that don't need to be there on the screen. Bottom left amount of files you have. The bottom row across. I mean, the bottom column across, or, what do I mean? Yeah, row, the bottom row crosses one sense in summary about you. A generate button. To the right of the screen, a paragraph about you, to the left of the screen, a mini forge. To the furthest left of the screen. 3 or 4 menus. That's all anybody needs to see. I'm gonna make sure the archive of snapshots is a dropdown menu so that they can be minimized because you don't need to be looking at that the whole time. But other than that, everything there on the screen is, is to be used at the top right of the screen, there is a, uh, export button. At the top left of the screen is the name of the application. We're not doing too much, bro. Everything, like the background is Star, Starfield. Every 20 seconds, the shooting star goes through, but you know, we're only on here for 2 minutes. It's and then they're not blending into, like, the boxes. The boxes are un, you know, unobstructed by, they sit on top and they take up most of the screen. So what you see. From the background is barely, you know. And it's not overpowering. It's not as bright as the words and things of that nature. I've done, I do diligence here. Um, And then, when I have a switch to go into light mode, it'll just be a dark gray setup. without any of that in the background. If you say it's distracting, okay, cool. Click this button. We're not scrolling, you don't have to scroll. So, look, if you got on a page right? And I saw this with the YCombinator video. They would scroll on a page and then there would be these distracting elements as you scroll that take your attention away from what you're scrolling past. For one, you're scrolling. So, what you're looking at won't be on the screen. As you continue to scroll, and then if something is on the screen that is taking the attention away from what you're scrolling to see, you're going to scroll through things and not read stuff. And then they will be off the screen, you will not know what you're doing on this application. I have a static screen. Everything you need to see is right there on the on the page, no scroll. So, That's one of the elements that eliminates the distracting, not knowing, you know, losing focused sort of thing and not knowing where you're at. The other element is. Everything. That you need to see. It's right in your face. Just read it. Just read it. Says dashboard. The Forge. You know what that is, because that's how the page, that's the home screen. Then you have a paragraph about yourself. This isn't something people gonna stumble across. This isn't something that people are going to find in, well, you could find it in someone's bio. Could. Could find it in somebody's bio. To be real with you. This could be, like, one of them legal tree type of apps. Hmm. There's an idea. Mostly, this would be kind of local system, web, web, web download application on your computer. Um or on your App Store. Not a website. But obviously, if I can make it so that somebody can just add 4 social medias at the bottom, some links and things of that nature. Then I'll do that. Um, Maybe that could be the last, I don't know. Yeah, I'll get to that. I not there. So, I'm glad I have this conversation because now, I realized that. Realized what my homepage will be now. That's important. And it's simple. Simpler than just the dashboard, but dashboard is not. It's not used or unfriendly, but... like I said... let's just more... constellation of nodes, expand a couple times done in two minutes. That's easy. I like that. So, yeah, that's that's the idea, right now? And that's how I want to move forward. Cool.}